---------  Tashia NPC add-on for Baldur's Gate 2: SoA/ToB  --------------

*** Unrar everything into your Baldur's Gate 2 folder.
*** Make sure you do it with "include folder names" option turned on.
*** To install the mod, run "Setup-Tashia.exe" and follow instructions. 
    The first option is to install the ToB version (required for the expansion) or just the SoA version.
    Then, if you've installed the ToB version, you can choose between the full action dialogues,
    or the Baldurized version (see below).
*** To uninstall in the future, run "setup-tashia.exe" again.

You can find Tashia in the Trademeet tavern.

Visit the website for all the latest updates.


Remix Version v1.2 (01 April 2010)
- Lollorian's corrected GLOBAL typos - LE#TashiaA.d, LE#TashiaN.d
- Lollorian's OR() fixes - LE#Tashia.baf, LE#TashiaN.baf
- Traified correctly dialogues\taflirt.d
- Added AUTO_TRA command to the TP2
- Removed music.exe and added oggdec.exe with Tashia's soundfiles as oggs
- Moved Setup-Tashia.tp2 into the mod folder
- Updated to WeiDU v215


Original Mod's author: Michael "Arian" Lyashenko	
Tashia Remix author: 	Bri
Tashia Remix coder: 	Bert "Lord Ernie" Van Hertum
v1.1 Update coder:	cmorgan
v1.2 update:            White Agnus and Leomar (BiG World Project)
Sound set author:     	Sarah Hamilton (voice of April Ryan from the game
                      	"The Longest Journey" by Funcom)
Music - 'sad' song:  	 "Under the Oaks" by Elven (www.mp3.com/elven)
Music - 'happy' song: 	"Drum, Pipe and Dance" by Elven (www.mp3.com/elven)
Portrait's author:   	 Antonio Montenegro (amalthea@chello.be)
Mod forums:		http://forums.spellholdstudios.net/index.php?showforum=10


------------------- Changes from the original (POSSIBLE SPOILERS) -----------------------

The first thing you will notice is that much of Arian's Tashia has remained unchanged in our Remix version.
That said, there are a number of changes we have incorporated.
Note, if you have never played Tashia before, you may wish to skip this section since some of it is spoiler-ish
in nature.


1. Changes are for both Shadows of Amn, and Throne of Bhaal. You won't have to wait 6 months for the next module.

2. New lovetalks! You will notice what we have two slightly different versions, what we tentatively called Baldurized and Non-Baldurized. When I first wrote the various lovetalks, they were heavy on action and other changes. (Some of you may even remember them when they were posted in the general forum). This set we term Non-Baldurized.

However, we also realized that delivery can be off-putting to those who wish their mods to meld as seamlessly as possible with the original Baldur's Gate 2 game. As a result, we have the 'Baldurized' lovetalks. Almost all the action has been removed, and conforms more to the standard Baldur's Gate 2 style.

3. Tashia now has more banters with each NPC in the core BG 2 game. Expanding on what Arian wrote, she now is guaranteed 2 banters per NPC in SoA, and 2 banters per NPC in ToB.

4. Tashia now has a few situational comments in the game as well (depending on the place and location). Additionally, Tashia has a few special interactions with some of the background characters.

5. We removed Arian's flirt system, and put in a new one akin to the Flirtpack. However, I admit flirts weren't my strong suit

6. There are now riddles in ToB! Tashia was known for the riddles you could ask her, a feature which was sadly lacking in ToB.

7. A Bodhi abduction has been added to Tashia, a key-feature of the BG 2 romances.

8. Removal of lich lovetalk. There was a dialogue in which Tashia essentially turns into a lich which questions the Player. We removed this as it didn't make sense in context with the rest of the module.

9. Alteration of item lovetalk. There was an 'original' lovetalk in which Tashia mentions several items specifically by name...items she would have no prior knowledge of (such as the hammer Crom Fayr). This dialogue was altered to give her less of an "Out of Character" feel.

10. There have been some changes made to the Master Wraith dialogue in Throne of Bhaal. Nothing too extensive, though.

11. Most items in the final, Arilistan battle have been made undroppable to remove the 'Monty Haul' aspect of that encounter.

12. We are including a few new pictures you may wish to use for Tashia. However, the original picture of Tashia is still the default.



------------------- Special Thanks and Acknowledgments -----------------------

First, I would like to thank Arian for making Tashia in the first place. She was the first fan-made module I played for any game. Of course, Arian needs to be thanked for allowing Tashia to be an 'open-mod' and subject to further change to all.

Second, I owe a debt of gratitude to Lord Ernie. Without his coding (as well as editing/sounding board/etc.) this version of Tashia would never have been finished.

BigRob and KIrving are owed a heap of appreciation as well. They also were a big help especially with editing and general input.

This word of thanks goes out to Grim Squeaker for his aid on the Bodhi Abduction, as well as finding the updated Tashia portrait, and other assistance.

A special thanks to Amalthea who created the first Tashia portrait, and then the newest one included with our version of the module.

Additionally, Rathwallin's suggestions were a big help on Tashia's special item.

Also, thanks to Darios for lending the inventory bam for that same special item.

Of course, we wouldn't be anywhere without SConrad and the other Spellhold Studio staff for hosting Tashia, as well as other forum-related help.

A personal thanks to Camdawg as well who's initial commentary motivated me to continue when my interest flagged.

And finally, a thank you to JCompton as well. A little over 2+ years ago, he had expressed surprise that although there were those who wanted some kind of Tashia update, which served as motivation for me to at least try my hand at writing new material.
